and hello to all my dear friends with you I
took the little one and today the guys i give
you a great opportunity to play with me
and something basic for the opportunity guys
this is what i plan our channel
shoot the show name that rustle
demon well it is clear the name itself that it
know that the show will be scary
because I think that 40 demon in any way
no mate does not fit skeptical
TV series
so here's what i need him why am i
I decided to make this video like all have
then you don't take it out but because
guys i need a maximum of four
man no 3 here's the first is mr
octopus
Well, the following there well, I 'll see
borscht need two or one person to
i haven't lost you have mad
great opportunity to film with me like that
what do you need to do this
series and you need the first thing you had
insanely good voice is the most important thing 2
you must not be langa yet maykravt
because we will shoot
only with shaders because
shaders seems to me more realistic
and wait soon tuturial as arranged
shaders so that you are allowed from to
explain 4 or 3 don't remember you need
to have a very great microphone just
excellent so that firstly there wasn’t
audible clicks and 2 that you do not
understood hissing is desirable
so here are these three action guys this
let freebies dream with me so
if you are interested just write to
comments can cable or
comment any but desirable skype
because without skype I can with you
contact
if anyone does not have skype write wash
VKontakte and so that the dump truck
subscribe to the channel put big
thumbs up subscribe to the group
mikroft i'm always there guys so
good luck everyone all bye
And I want to say that the premiere of the series
not just two weeks need to need
prepare to make a map of people today
and say let's all bye